Update audio-conferencing-with-direct-routing-for-gcch-and-dod.md (#6832)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/audio-conferencing-with-direct-routing-for-gcch-and-dod.md

A tenant license and at least one user license are required to enable the service. You can't enable the service with only the tenant license or with only user licenses. To get service licenses for your tenant and the users in your organization, contact your account team.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Users can't be enabled for Audio Conferencing with Direct Routing until dial-in phone numbers are set up. We recommend that you not assign Audio Conferencing with Direct Routing for GCC High or DoD licenses to users until you set up dial-in phone numbers as outlined in this article.  Not following this guidance can prevent working dialpad from being presented at Teams client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Users can't be enabled for Audio Conferencing with Direct Routing until dial-in phone numbers are set up. We recommend that you do not assign Audio Conferencing with Direct Routing for GCC High or DoD licenses to users until you set up dial-in phone numbers as outlined in this article.  Failure to follow this guidance may result in a dysfunctional dial pad in Teams client.
```

Author: It doesn't result in a dysfunctional dialpad so much as no dial pad at all (i.e., missing dialpad).

Reviewer: Ah, I understand. I have edited my suggestion accordingly, and if you agree, could you please commit the suggestion? Many thanks.
